DocFXProject/index.md, before:

# About
JTween is a data-driven, job-based tweening library. It places a focus on performance by attempting to shift the processing of tween data and applying that data to tween targets on Job worker threads. This currently applies to Transforms only, but as the Entity-Component System of the Unity DOTS stack reaches maturity this approach can likely be applied to other components and non-Job updateable components will be added regardless.

<img src="./images/fun_example_02.gif" alt="Example 01" height="180" width="320">
<img src="./images/fun_example_04.gif" alt="Example 02" height="180" width="320">

# Getting Started
For jumping in and using JTween, see [here](./getting_started.md) on how to get started.

# Usage
To learn more about how to use JTween's API, see [here](./usage.md) for more information. There are also examples demonstrating its usage included in the repository's Unity project.

# Contribute
If you are interested in contributing, found a bug, or want to request a new feature, please see [here](./contributing.md) for more information.

## Support
If this is useful to you and/or you’d like to see future development and more tools in the future, please consider supporting it either by contributing to the Github projects (submitting bug reports or features,pull requests) or by buying me coffee using the link below. Every little bit helps!

<style>.bmc-button img{ !important;margin-bottom: 1px !important;box-shadow: none !important;border: none !important;vertical-align: middle !important;}.bmc-button{line-height: 36px !important;height:37px !important;text-decoration: none !important;display:inline-flex !important;color:#ffffff !important;background-color:#000000 !important;border-radius: 3px !important;border: 1px solid transparent !important;padding: 1px 9px !important;font-size: 22px !important;letter-spacing: 0.6px !important;box-shadow: 0px 1px 2px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 1px 2px 2px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;margin: 0 auto !important;font-family:'Cookie', cursive !important;-webkit-box-sizing: border-box !important;box-sizing: border-box !important;-o-transition: 0.3s all linear !important;-webkit-transition: 0.3s all linear !important;-moz-transition: 0.3s all linear !important;-ms-transition: 0.3s all linear !important;transition: 0.3s all linear !important;}.bmc-button:hover, .bmc-button:active, .bmc-button:focus {-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 1px 2px 2px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;text-decoration: none !important;box-shadow: 0px 1px 2px 2px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;opacity: 0.85 !important;color:#ffffff !important;}</style><link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Cookie" rel="stylesheet"><a class="bmc-button" target="_blank" href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/PBNUzn2Y0"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/BMC-btn-logo.svg" alt="Buy me a coffee"><span style="margin-left:5px">Buy me a coffee</span></a>

# Credits
Those who have contributed in some way to the development and maintenance of this library can be found listed [here](./credits.md).

# License
Please see [here](./license.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Updated documentation, added small fixes and QOL features
* Created AsmDef for JCMG.JTween.Editor
* Added fields to EditorConstants for urls, file guids
* Added menu items to help open local pdf guides, web URLs
* Modified JTweenTester to cache JTweenControl
* Added donate coffee menu item
* Updated index markdown with ko-fi link
* Cleaned up internal queue logic for callbacks
* Added fix to SingleTransformTweener to remove up to a max of 500 tweens per frame (amortized over several frames if more) rather than all at once. This mitigates the performance impact of removing elements from TransformAccessArray and reduces the spikiness of tween recycling.
* Updated documentation link to point to correct Github pages site.
* Commented out debug logs in unit test
* Updated manifest for Unity packages to latest.
* Fixed a bug in FastListRemoveRange where the copy length from the remove range to the end of the array was incorrect.
* Replaced usages of clamp with min where able; faster
* Added FastApproximately for use in GetProgress to do an early return if current is zero.
* Added pools for TweenSet/Sequence and Recycle methods
* Replaced usage of FastList with LinkedList for TweenHandle pooling

DocFXProject/index.md, after:

# About
JTween is a data-driven, job-based tweening library. It places a focus on performance by attempting to shift the processing of tween data and applying that data to tween targets on Job worker threads. This currently applies to Transforms only, but as the Entity-Component System of the Unity DOTS stack reaches maturity this approach can likely be applied to other components and non-Job updateable components will be added regardless.

<img src="./images/fun_example_02.gif" alt="Example 01" height="180" width="320">
<img src="./images/fun_example_04.gif" alt="Example 02" height="180" width="320">

# Getting Started
For jumping in and using JTween, see [here](./getting_started.md) on how to get started.

# Usage
To learn more about how to use JTween's API, see [here](./usage.md) for more information. There are also examples demonstrating its usage included in the repository's Unity project.

# Contribute
If you are interested in contributing, found a bug, or want to request a new feature, please see [here](./contributing.md) for more information.

## Support
If this is useful to you and/or you’d like to see future development and more tools in the future, please consider supporting it either by contributing to the Github projects (submitting bug reports or features,pull requests) or by buying me coffee using any of the links below. Every little bit helps!

[![ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/I3I2W7GX)

# Credits
Those who have contributed in some way to the development and maintenance of this library can be found listed [here](./credits.md).

# License
Please see [here](./license.md) for more information.
